feat(cli): plan catalog on Free + plan= deep link + top-up/auto-refill copy split (#68689)
NousResearch/hermes-agent: docs/billing-lifecycle.md

non-interactive contexts fall back to the same text + portal-link rendering,
never prompting.

| CLI surface / state | Behavior (parity with TUI / desktop) |
| --- | --- |
| `/subscription` on **Free** + admin/owner + interactive | `_subscription_free_catalog` prints the plan catalog from the same `tiers[]` data the TUI uses — one row per enabled paid tier, cheapest first, `name · $/mo · $credits/mo` (monthly credits are DOLLARS → `$22 credits/mo`, never a bare number). A numbered pick opens the `/manage-subscription` deep-link with `plan=<tier_id>` appended so the portal preselects the chosen plan. Starting a new subscription needs a fresh card, so the only action is the portal hand-off (the terminal never charges here). |

> | Any CLI-built manage/subscribe URL | `subscription_manage_url(state, tier_id=…)` appends `plan=<tier_id>` (the stable `tiers[]` id, never a name/slug) **only when a tier was picked** (the Free catalog). The portal (NAS #748) validates it and ignores an unknown tier, so the CLI appends unconditionally on a pick, mirroring the TUI's `?plan=`. `org_id` is emitted first, `plan` second. |

Author: This row cites another repository's PR number — that reference shouldn't appear in this public doc. Same content without it:

```suggestion
| Any CLI-built manage/subscribe URL | `subscription_manage_url(state, tier_id=…)` appends `plan=<tier_id>` (the stable `tiers[]` id, never a name/slug) **only when a tier was picked** (the Free catalog). The portal validates it server-side and ignores an unknown tier, so the CLI appends unconditionally on a pick, mirroring the TUI's `?plan=`. `org_id` is emitted first, `plan` second. |
```

> | **Downgrades** in the CLI | Stay **native / in-app** (chargeless scheduled change via `put_subscription_pending_change`) — the portal deep-link is only for new subscriptions and upgrades, never a downgrade. |

Author: Slightly overstates the boundary: a blocked downgrade still prints the generic manage URL (and the paid menu always offers portal management). The real invariant is that a downgrade never carries the selected-tier `plan=` param.

```suggestion
| **Downgrades** in the CLI | Stay **native / in-app** for normal changes (chargeless scheduling via `put_subscription_pending_change`). A blocked downgrade may still print the generic manage URL, but it never carries `plan=<tier_id>` — selected-tier deep-links are reserved for new subscriptions and upgrades. |
```
